yo wassup people it's a voice out there
for 27 guess what guess what I'm gonna
talk about Mortal Kombat yes again
Mortal Kombat for like the 15 billion
times I feel like a fucking smack in the
shot of this fucking the camera BAM boom
BAM yo what's up with moral Kombat I
I've been noticing we're missing
something
yeah we're missing something what's up
with the fucking friendship show is it
all about battalions is that all about
killing people is it all about x-rays
special moves spamming the same so I can
move over and over and over I mean
fucking it up with the Crypt and opening
up items and hidden pictures and all
that bullshit
is this the like the fucking space they
should have collected all that data and
used it for like friendships and shit I
mean I understand you wanna have more
DLC characters and all that bullshit but
please bring back some fucking
friendships please because this is like
no I like to see the B values a lot and
I know all you people like hahahaha and
it doesn't matter I want to see some
friendships at least some funny ones you
know I haven't seen yet you know or
bring it back it's like yeah you know I
have an idea
I should just fucking create fucking
friendships for world combat yeah it
sounds like a bright ass idea of course
but you know please um if you guys are
looking at this video please don't
really think I mean do you think they
should bring back some friendships or
they should just keep it the way it is
or wait for another more combat game
like Mortal Kombat 10 and hopefully you
know like probably like do something
else
way different you know
I had that thing I wanted to do but you
know I was telling myself wow man
this shit really fucking kills me like
every time I look at fucking immortal
comments sometimes and the people that
do the same shit over and over and over
like spamming and shit I do feel like
I'm like seriously it's fucking pissing
me the fuck off I'm like I just want to
like punch somebody in the fucking face
seriously
so people please leave me a comment and
a rating on what you think about Mortal
Kombat sure they have a friendship or
they shouldn't have the friendships and
keep it the way it is it's a boy solid
Jeff Burton 27 times no peace out
yah-tchi